docs(config options): rewrite platformCommit section (#14685)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

## platformCommit

Only use this option if you run Renovate as a [GitHub App](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/getting-started-with-apps/about-apps).
It does not apply when you use a Personal Access Token as credential.

> You can use `platformCommit` to automatically sign the commits that Renovate creates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `platformCommit` is enabled, Renovate will create commits using GitHub's API (instead of using `git` directly) to utilize GitHub's [Commit signing support for bots and other GitHub Apps](https://github.blog/2019-08-15-commit-signing-support-for-bots-and-other-github-apps/) feature.
```

I think we need to explain the "why" part better.

> When `platformCommit` is enabled, Renovate will create commits using GitHub's API (instead of using `git` directly) to utilize GitHub's [Commit signing support for bots and other GitHub Apps](https://github.blog/2019-08-15-commit-signing-support-for-bots-and-other-github-apps/) feature.

Author: ```suggestion
When `platformCommit` is enabled, Renovate will create commits with GitHub's API instead of using `git` directly.
This way Renovate can use GitHub's [Commit signing support for bots and other GitHub Apps](https://github.blog/2019-08-15-commit-signing-support-for-bots-and-other-github-apps/) feature.
```

How about something like this?

Changes:

- Split sentence into two statements:
  - What happens when you use `platformCommit`
  - Explain that Renovate now uses "GitHub's commit signing support for bots and other GitHub apps"
- Drop the `()` characters, and rewrite the sentence so we don't need them

## platformCommit

Only use this option if you run Renovate as a [GitHub App](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/getting-started-with-apps/about-apps).

> It does not apply when you use a Personal Access Token as credential.

Author: I like your suggestion, it's better than what we had! 😉 

I changed the text from passive voice to active voice:

```diff
- This option is possible to use only if Renovate is running as a GitHub App.
+ Only use this option if you run Renovate as a GitHub App.

- It does not apply when using a Personal Access Token for credentials.
+ It does not apply when you use a Personal Access Token as credential.
```

You can use `platformCommit` to automatically sign the commits that Renovate creates.

> To avoid errors, set the `gitAuthor` or `gitIgnoredAuthors` or both.

Author: From reading the text it's not clear _why_ I need to set `gitAuthor` or `gitIgnoredAuthors` to prevent errors.

## platformCommit

If you're authenticating Renovate as an app, then you can use this option to automatically sign the commits that Renovate creates.
This option only works if you:

> - Use GitHub App mode, and

Author: What does "GitHub App" mode refer to? It's in the original text.

I suppose it means: "WhiteSource Hosted GitHub App" (The version of Renovate that you can install into your GitHub account)?

## platformCommit

Only use this option if you run Renovate as a [GitHub App](https://docs.github.com/en/developers/apps/getting-started-with-apps/about-apps).
It does not apply when you use a Personal Access Token as credential.

You can use `platformCommit` to automatically sign the commits that Renovate creates.

> To avoid errors, set the `gitAuthor` or `gitIgnoredAuthors` or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We can remove this, because it is part of running as an app in general and not specific to this
